Add note for new exception on invalid association joins (#8140)
cakephp/docs: en/appendices/5-3-migration-guide.rst

- ``Query::with()`` now accepts an array of expressions to align with other query clauses. This also
   allows clearing the expressions with an empty array.

> ORM

Reviewer: Do we need underscores here?

> ORM

Author: ```suggestion
ORM
---

```

- Using ``joinWith()`` now throws an exception when there are conflicting associations. Users would already
  see a SQL error in this situation but without an explanation. Users who add invalid joins but didn't reference them

>   in the query might see a new exception when previous the SQL was invalid but harmless.

Author: ```suggestion
  in the query might see a new exception when previously the SQL was incorrect but harmless.
```
